
web10 Summary:
users own the cloud products instead of developers
developers send requests to users
users accept the terms, but can change them later
users can port app data to all apps, meaning a faster evolving app ecosystem.
video preferences could guide a dating app, the possibilities are endless

Competetive Advantage : Crypto [data permanence - TIE]
crypto doesn't provide user authority, it provides decentralized data permanence.
you write data, it is there permanently.
web10 is building products to guarantee decentralized data permanence
web10 is building solana integration + in house blockchain products 

Competetive Advantage : Crypto [privacy and temporal data - web10 WINS]
crypto does not have a mechanism for data management, crypto is by design entirely public and permanent
what if I want something private or temporary? can't do it with crypto.
web10 provides FULL user authority
i have this data, i use these products
how private or public do i want it to be?
do I want to delete something?
web10 CAN do it and crypto can NOT!

Competetive advantage : Cloud [Developer ease, user authority]
web10 is free for developers and easy to monetize for them.
web10 takes only 5% of profits.
web10 has products for : [ auth, payment,  databases, websockets, ]
web10 is working on products for : [ advanced database management, blockchain ledgers, encryption, consensus algorithms ]
users pay like a phone plan for their exact usage instead of a flat subscription.
users get a free tier!

why we need funding:
still working on : [advanced database managment, blockchain ledgers, encryption, consensus algorithm products] 
still building an ecosystem, we need to actively work to build the ecosystem.
need to hire another technical expert, and a front end ecosystem dev

Staff :
Troy - product marketing, general business
Me - tech expert AND ecosystem dev AND product manager
technical expert - demonstrated specialty in enterprise blockchain expertise that I don't cover 
ecosystem dev - strong front end expertise with some background in sales